AI Chat documentation (#514)
directus/docs: content/guides/10.ai/1.chat/2.usage.md

![Tool settings menu with approval modes](/img/ai-chat-tool-menu-open.png)

## Managing Conversations

### Clearing the Conversation

![Clear conversation button in chat header](/img/ai-chat-clear-conversation-cropped.png)

Click the clear button (trash icon) in the chat header to start fresh. This resets:
- Message history
- Token usage tracking

### Stopping a Response

While the AI is generating a response, the send button becomes a stop button. Click it to interrupt generation.

### Retrying After an Error

If an error occurs, a retry button appears. Click to regenerate the last response.

## Context Limits

::callout{icon="material-symbols:lightbulb" color="primary"}
Start a new conversation when switching topics. The AI performs better with focused, single-topic conversations. Long conversations may have older messages dropped automatically.
::

## Data Storage

### What's Stored in Your Browser

- Conversation history
- Selected model preference
- Tool approval settings
- Chat open/closed state

### What's NOT Stored

- Conversations are **not saved to the Directus server**
- Conversations are **not shared** between users or devices

> - Closing the browser or clearing localStorage deletes history

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Closing the browser or clearing local storage deletes history
```
